Only I became the heir to the Ning family
What can't money solve?
Yuanchuan
I'm fine
You go to the police first
Ningziyan
Go to prison for the rest of your life
The person who should go to prison is you
What do you mean?
Didn't you always blame Ning Tianyu for lying to your parents?
Cause the company to go bankrupt
Suicide by jumping off a building?
And?
In fact, it was not Li Tianyu who lied
It's your parents
You'd better make it clear to me.
that year
Your parents rely on the social connections of the Ning family and the rich family
He deceived the three leaders of Ning Tianyu
When Ning Tianyu discovered it, he withdrew his investment
Parents are heavily in debt
Not only did he set fire to the Ning family
Killed 13 people in the Ning family
Ning also disappeared silently from childhood
What nonsense are you talking about?
There is absolutely no way my parents would do such a thing.
After your parents were reported by the rain
Forced upstairs by the police
Desperate to commit suicide
ridiculous
Ning Tianyu still tries to nourish you through ripples
But it didn't awaken your conscience.
You took revenge on his own daughter
willing